Preparing to 1.5.0 (#111)
cronofy/cronofy-php: CHANGELOG.md

## [1.5.0]

> * add support for `hmac_valid` which verifies a HMAC from a push notification using the client's secret.[#111]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* add support for PHP 8
* add `hmacValid` to verify a webhook call genuinely originated from Cronofy [#111]
```
